Refine Cache Components and Partial Prefetching adoption skills (#95817)
vercel/next.js: docs/01-app/03-api-reference/01-directives/use-cache.mdx

}
```

> > **Good to know:** A `use cache` with a zero `revalidate` or a short `expire` (under 5 minutes), nested inside another `use cache` that has no explicit `cacheLife`, is not allowed during prerendering and fails the build with [`nested-use-cache-no-explicit-cachelife`](/docs/messages/nested-use-cache-no-explicit-cachelife). Add [`cacheLife()`](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/cacheLife) to the **outer** `use cache` to choose whether it prerenders or stays dynamic.

Reviewer: Maybe this doesn't need to be a gtk:

```suggestion
Nesting a short-lived use cache inside one without an explicit [cacheLife](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/cacheLife) fails the build during prerendering. See [Nested short-lived caches](/docs/app/api-reference/functions/cacheLife#nested-short-lived-caches) for the rule and fix.
```
